{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Aleo-Regular;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is said that long, long ago Thema was merely a Tall-One Obeahwoman from the Western Gold Kingdom who travelled to the Northern Blackflood Kingdom across the Great Desert in the the Originlands seeking their magical knoweldges. It is unclear when she took her current form, that of a gigantic sphinx, with the body of a black leopard, while retaining her face, towering at the height of six regular Tall-Ones. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite her origin (which she is extremely guarded about) she has been alive for centuries, far longer than any known Tall-One.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While there are many legends of her across the Originlands, our knowledge of her comes from her sudden appearance during the early years of the Great Liberation, where she provided instrumental knowledge of both the ways of the Vesperine conquestors as well as retained magical knowledge from the Originlands that many had been stripped of by the Vesperine conquestors. Though arguments against exist, most feel her help was instrumental.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After the Great Liberation, Thema was muchly sought out for her wisdom and there were many who wished to make her Queen of a combined Tuline Monarchy though she herself refused any such role. In fact, about 13 years ago, she angrily dismissed all her petitioners at her lair on Big Landmother Island, flying northward to Small Farwater Island, expelling all inhabitants except herself and Akachi the Spiritspeaker, her closest confidant through a teleportation spell. She forbade admission of all to the island but especially to the Vesperine, promising to back her demands with strong magics.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The recently teleported found themselves suddenly at her former lair on Big Landmother Island, and while some chose to stay there, many of them became refugees, travelling across the Tuline Isles. Just as the majority of refugees became more settled, a new concern arose. Reports of automatons formed from clay and engaged in destructive agricultural labor came from all four nearby islands. Formed in the manner of hybrids of animal and Tall-One, these automatons were discovered to have actually travelled by foot across the bottom of the sea from Small Farwater Island.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trips to the waters outside of Small Farwater Island showed many of these automatons, which have been named the Clay-beasts, working on the island itself, though to unknown ends. They seem to be very focused on not only clearing land, but gathering clay to reproduce themselves which they have been seen to do at an alarming rate. Many of our bravest adventurers do nothing more than wait along the coasts to hunt down and destroy them, which is thankfully very doable despite their persistence and numbers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Politcal discussions of this have considered this a crisis and perhaps a sign that Thema has turned against the people she had freed though those who knew her best find that line of thought suspicious. Others think that they are the work of Akachi who has manipulated the wise and gracious Thema though to what ends remain in question\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}}